Shiny preset: Refresh and refactor value boxes (#758)
rstudio/bslib: man/fragments/value-box-themes.Rmd

value_box(
  title = "Customer lifetime value",
  value = "$5,000",
  showcase = bsicons::bs_icon("bank2"),
  theme = "bg-success"
)
```

```{r value-box-background-color, fig.alt = "A value box using 'bg-orange', a named Bootstrap main color."}
value_box(
  title = "Customer lifetime value",
  value = "$5,000",
  showcase = bsicons::bs_icon("bank2"),
  theme = "bg-purple"
)
```

### Foreground colors

To set only the foreground colors of the value box, you can prefix the theme or color name with `text-`.
This changes the text color without affecting the background color.

```{r value-box-text-theme, fig.alt = "A value box using 'text-success', a named Bootstrap theme color."}
value_box(
  title = "Customer lifetime value",
  value = "$5,000",
  showcase = bsicons::bs_icon("bank2"),
  theme = "text-success"
)
```

```{r value-box-text-color, fig.alt = "A value box using 'text-orange', a named Bootstrap main color."}
value_box(
  title = "Customer lifetime value",
  value = "$5,000",
  showcase = bsicons::bs_icon("bank2"),
  theme = "text-purple"
)
```

Occasionally you may want to adjust use both background and foreground themes on your value box.

> To acheive this, set `theme` to one of the theme names and use `class` for the complimentary style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this, set `theme` to one of the theme names and use `class` for the complimentary style.
```

value_box(
  title = "Customer lifetime value",
  value = "$5,000",
  showcase = bsicons::bs_icon("bank2"),
  theme = "bg-gradient-indigo-blue"
)
```

### Custom colors

Finally, for complete customization, you can use `value_box_theme()` to create a custom theme.
This function takes arguments `bg` and `fg` to set the background and foreground colors, respectively.
Like with the `bg-` theme names, if only `bg` is provided, `value_box_theme()` will choose an appropriate light or dark color for the text color.

```{r value-box-custom, fig.alt = "A value box using 'value_box_theme()' for complete customization."}
value_box(
  title = "Customer lifetime value",
  value = "$5,000",
  showcase = bsicons::bs_icon("bank2"),
  theme = value_box_theme(bg = "#e6f2fd", fg = "#0B538E"),
  class = "border"
)
```

Note that `value_box_theme()` optionally takes a `theme` name, which can be helpful if you want to use a named theme and modify the default `bg` or `fg` colors of that theme.

```{r}
value_box_theme(name = "orange", bg = "#FFFFFF")
value_box_theme(name = "text-danger", fg = "#FFB6C1")
```

> Also note that these colors must be CSS colors, not Bootstrap theme or color names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that `bg`/`fg` _must_ be CSS colors, not Bootstrap theme or color names.
```
